Embedded View Additions (#203)
gristlabs/grist-help: help/embedding.md

Embedding editable documents is not yet supported, but we are working on it
and will make it available soon. You can track our progress on our 
[Roadmap](https://github.com/gristlabs/grist-core/issues/66).

!!! note "Sharing an Embedded Style View"

>     Adding `?embed=true` or `?style=light` to the end of a document's URL produces an embedded style of page. With `?embed=true`, it will also force the view to be read-only. To learn more about link sharing, see [Public access and link sharing](sharing.md#public-access-and-link-sharing)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding `?embed=true` or `?style=light` to the end of a document's page URL renders the document without the toolbar on top, the page menu on the left or creator panel on the right. `?style=light` can be edited and follows access rules, while `?embed=true` is read-only. To learn more about link sharing, see [Public access and link sharing](sharing.md#public-access-and-link-sharing) Test
```
